docs: explain how to remove errored apps in k8s tutorial (#2445)
canonical/operator: docs/tutorial/from-zero-to-hero-write-your-first-kubernetes-charm/make-your-charm-configurable.md

```text
charmcraft pack
juju refresh fastapi-demo --force-units \

>   --path="./fastapi-demo_amd64.charm" \

Reviewer: While we're here, how about reducing the noise in this line (similarly in the other chapters):

```suggestion
  --path ./fastapi-demo_amd64.charm \
```

  --resource demo-server-image=ghcr.io/canonical/api_demo_server:1.0.3
```

```{tip}

> Don't forget `--force-units` when running `juju refresh`. If your charm is in a bad state, the refresh may not succeed without it.

Reviewer: It would be good if we could explain a bit more about `--force-units`, as the [Juju docs](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/3.6/reference/juju-cli/list-of-juju-cli-commands/refresh/) say "Use of the `--force-units` option is not generally recommended". Our tutorial should ideally be teaching people why this option is appropriate here. So how about something like this:

```suggestion
`--force-units` ensures that the refresh succeeds even if the application is in an error state. This option is useful during development, when your charm code might be the cause of the error. You should avoid using `--force-units` when refreshing applications in production.
```
